Add new page Calibration type 10 details (#354)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/robot_calibration_types/amo-encoder-joint-calibration-10-details.md

# Calibration type 10 details - AMO Encoder Joint Calibration

This page shows how the calibration procedure used for `iCub 3/ergoCub` joints that mount an AMO encoder at the joint works.

> As already detailed in the [`calibration-10-procedure`](https://icub-tech-iit.github.io/documentation/robot_calibration_types/standard_calibration_types/#calibration-10) joints provided with the `AMO` encoder are currently calibrated so that it can be handled as an incremental encoder coupled with a quadrature encoder placed at the motor.

Author: Ok, I updated it.

This page aims at providing a detailed explanation to the steps performed by the controller while calibrating a joint-set as defined above.

## Calibration workflow

Complete pipeline for the `calibration type 10` using `AMO encoder` at joint and `quadrature encoder` at motor.
<p align="center">
    <img  src="../img/calibration-amo-abs-enc.png" width="700">
</p>

> As you can see in the above reported state machine, after the calibration command is received by the EMS, it arms a timer of 30 seconds, then it waits for the motor encoder calibration ending and then starts the calibration 10 procedure.

Author: Updated and squashed commits

> It basically consists in moving the slow shaft towards one of the hardware limit, which is the position set in the calibration parameter `calibrationZero` in the configuration files, with a value of PWM as the one defined in the parameter `calibration1` until the joint cannot move anymore inside a time windows and a space window, whose values are defined in the firmware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The procedure basically consists in moving the slow shaft towards one of the hardware limits as defined in the position set within the calibration parameter `calibrationZero`. The value of the PWM used is in turn defined through the parameter `calibration1`. The joint moves until the limit is reached within a time window and within a predefined maximum length, whose values are coded in the firmware.
```

Author: Updated and squashed commits

> Finally, if the `hard-stop` limit position is found before the `CALIBRATION TIMEOUT` expires the zero of the `AMO encoder` is updated with the found offset and the whole calibration completes correctly, otherwise the joint is moved to the `NOT CONFIGURED` state, the PWM is set to `zero` and the motor moved to `IDLE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, if the `hard-stop` limit position is found before the `CALIBRATION TIMEOUT` expires, the zero of the `AMO encoder` is updated with the found offset and the whole calibration completes correctly; otherwise, the joint is moved to the `NOT CONFIGURED` state, the PWM is set to `zero` and the motor switched to `IDLE`.
```

Author: Updated and squashed commits

> The fw checks if the joint has reached the hard position by checking that the encoder position does not change for 1 second, that means the relative increase of joint position is smaller than 6.5 deg (1200 iCubDegrees ) within 1 second. The encoder position taken into account for the check is already filtered from the spikes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FW verifies if the joint has reached the hard position by checking that the encoder position does not change for 1 second, meaning that the relative increase of joint position is smaller than 6.5 deg (1200 iCubDegrees) within 1 second. The encoder position considered for the check is processed to filter out the spikes.
```

Author: Updated and squashed commits
